1.1 Think About Time

I found the sources in this assignment to be very interesting and relatable. I particularly enjoyed the video on creating a habit. Adding a small and simple positive habit immediately after a task that is already part of your daily routine is a very easy and effective way to incorporate a good habits into your daily routine. I found it interesting how simple and easy it could be to do. I also really like the way that Zed A. Shaw teaches the reader Ruby in his book "Learn Ruby the Hard Way." Shaw's approach of repetition and doing a task over and over again brings an old school Catholic School mentality to learning, that I feel is a very effective way to learn a new language. By being repetitive doing things habitually the tasks become second nature. These are all practices I lived and taught by when I was a classroom teacher. The concept of Time Boxing really struck a chord with me. I personally feel that I work best when I have a set schedule to follow. This format was very much part of like lifestyle when working as a school teacher. Its funny because we as humans are creatures of habit. On days when I was not working I would relate the time of day to the class period I would normally be teaching. Without this type of structure I definitely tend to procrastinate with my duties much more easily. During my summer vacations I would live freely and not abide by any sort of structured time schedule of "time boxing." While I definitely had much more "free time," I found that with the lack of a formally written structured schedule I was much less productive and definitely struggled to accomplish many simple tasks. With that being said I definitely plan to apply "Time Boxing" to my journey through Phase 0 of Dev Bootcamp. I plan on devoting sections of each week's assignments to 45 minute increments of each day. I hope that by foilowing this stucture I will become more efficeint in my learning as well as accomplishing the assigns tasks. 

1.2 The Command Line
1.4 Fork and Cloning
